---
title: "R Consortium HTA Working Group"
subtitle: "5th meeting, 20 March 2025"
format:
  revealjs: 
    theme: simple
    footer: "RC-HTA-WG"
editor: visual
fontsize: 16pt
---


## Agenda

This agenda was prepared before the meeting.

-   Update on Workstream 1 (20-30 mins)
-   Update on Workstream 2 (10 mins)
-   General topics (20 mins)
    - Revisit meeting length for this Joint meeting
    - Communication tool for the joint team after both workstreams launch their own meetings

## Update on Workstream 1 

Christian, Robert, Rose, Karolin, Natalie 

[WS-1: Webinar](https://github.com/RConsortium/HTA-wg/discussions/7)

## Update on Workstream 2

Gregory, Robert, 

- Survey: [Google doc link](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfkdteBsZjrTjn16r23ptehYlSNnLoRCUszW388N8zK-PzwhQ/viewform?usp=header)
- Aspects to evaluate product readiness: [Github discussion](https://github.com/RConsortium/HTA-wg/discussions/5#discussioncomment-11388114)
   - openstatsware suggestion: [Webpage](https://www.openstatsware.org/guide.html)
- Initial list of R pkgs for POC: [Github discussion](https://github.com/RConsortium/HTA-wg/discussions/8) 
- Reach out to contacts from Submission WG, explore their feedback on the assessment criteria 

## General topics (20 mins)

- Monthly Joint Meeting, change length to 30 mins? considering each workstream can break off now 
- How to share progress in the time being?
- Next Meeting: now April 17, 17:00 CET/ 9:00 PST / 12:00 EST 


